hey everybody what's simple to make 64
here with a impromptu video of an
unboxing we have a mysterious package
here and I'm gonna sit here with these
very sharp scissors and open for you all
to watch on camera I believe this is cuz
I ordered two things with them and try
and get us in shot of the epically
opening this thing or trying to at least
think it one-handed trying not to
destroy anything inside because they
faith I think these are my comics not
sure I ordered a couple things today
well not today few days ago I think that
should be it let's try of this thing
there we go yeah oh maybe not let's turn
open this thing up come on I know if I
you guys will probably can't see
anything I'm trying to debug nest here
okay whoo all right let's see if I can
switch here yep okay fine fair enough we
have some foam peanuts these things are
like you ever notice these things look
like cheeto puffs than just loaded
Nicola yeah it is all right back yeah
reading time let's see here get some
papers here um okay let me read these
all right look
get some other comfy stuff I can get him
in frame there we go spider-man with a
Christmas hat all right buddy blood up
there we go look at that oh this is big
Jesus like thick step 2 sheesh that is
like hardcover that's a lot of foam
peanuts all right so this is it hmm
really nice cover art look at this so
crazy stuff special box sick collect
them all right cool so you wanna guys
you guys want to open it look at my
crazy face you want to open it ah yeah
you know you do let's open this bad boy
yeah ah look it's like got different
aren't then then they then the image
that came before it like um when they're
previewing it it didn't have this art
ahead like bad like pink with hearts all
over it stuff physically epic like like
I love this art got TJ palm tree in
there look at that seems like show her
there's our home for more guys hmm let's
see where special box collect them all
issue number one covers by Andy Pierce
place the covers side by side to see the
entire magical pony party that lasts for
dawn to dusk oh my gosh I got a mess to
clean up here so anyway guys I hope you
enjoyed this impromptu totally not
planned box unboxing of my little pony
comics if you want to go buy these vs
out there will be a link in the
description below
EF WA I think I name is I don't know i
ordered this i ordered mine off them and
you should do because they did a
fantastic job look at all these phone PX
yeah sure keep him safe they keep some
Mason's like this is listen that yeah
banging on my barrier that is some hard
stuff holy cow I'm probably damaging
this thing ah so anyway guys I hope you
enjoyed if you haven't seen my chair you
go check it out it yeah it's got
Minecraft and craziness all over the
place so anyway guys until next time I'm
ultramax cd4 happy gaming
you